chore: add august 2024 (#162)
austinjavascript/austinjavascript.com: _meetups/2024-08-20-meetup.md

---
layout: meetup
title: "Contorted Frameworks: Resolving the Tension Between Static and Dynamic UIs"
slides: 
video:
speakers:
  - name: Nicholas Mullen
    title:
    avatar: https://media.licdn.com/dms/image/C4E03AQECCXly0QRYRA/profile-displayphoto-shrink_800_800/0/1557285132677?e=1724284800&v=beta&t=4YueTBmzvHkIY-egkkpM3xNzpqBLMABHpDUDjXvDLFA

>     bio:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    bio: Nicholas is visiting us from Richmond Va, and if we're nice enough he might stay longer. He is a Software Engineer at GiveCampus where he does full-stack dev work with Ruby, Rails, Javascript, and React.
```

>     email:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    email: nwmullen@gmail.com
```

    homepage:
    twitter:

>     github:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    github: bishibop
```

>     linkedin: nwmullen

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/nwmullen
```

Reviewer: Unless it auto links it, idk.

sponsor: cloudflare
venue: cloudflare
after: lazarus
organizers:
  - joahg
---

Or: "How a Rails developer read the docs, achieved enlightenment, and learned to love React server components"

> It would be an exploration of the pain and oddities of how traditional web frameworks attempt to handle high-interactivity dynamic uis and how modern front end frameworks similarly handle low-interactivity static content pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An exploration of the pain and oddities of how traditional web frameworks attempt to handle high-interactivity dynamic UIs, and how modern front-end frameworks similarly introduce complexity to support low-interactivity static UIs.
```

> Little bit of history-of-the-web, different live coding examples, some educational content around server components. Maybe even talk about Elixer/Phoenix, time allowing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
